Use udata's markdown configuration on SafeMarkup aswell (#2619)
opendatateam/udata: CHANGELOG.md

## Current (in progress)

> - Add a UdataCleaner class to use udata's markdown configuration on SafeMarkup aswell [#2619](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2619)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a UdataCleaner class to use udata's markdown configuration on SafeMarkup as well [#2619](https://github.com/opendatateam/udata/pull/2619)
```
